Q1. Design a payroll sys for an organisation prompt the user to enter 3 values -
            a. hourly-pay rate
            b. hours_worked
            c. percen_withheld_sal
   -The program multiplies the hourly pay rate by the no. of hours worked, giving the gross wage.
   -Multiply the gross wage with withheld percentage giving withholding amt.
   -Finally subtract the withholding amt from the gross wage giving the net wage after taxes.
   -The program outputs the net pay.
Q2. Create farnheit to calcius converter and vise versa.
Q3. Input radius. The program calculates the diameter, circumference and print. 
Q4. Design a menu driven Calculator.
Q5. Get the inout from the user and check if the input is isdigit() or not.
Q6. Prompt the user for 2 variables. Evaluate for less than , greater than and equal to.
Q7. WAP to prompt a score between 0.0 to 1. if the score is out of range print an error msg.
	if the score is between 0.0 and 1 then prnt the grade accordingly.	 
Q8. Design a payroll sys for an organisation prompt the user to enter 3 values -
            a. hourly-pay rate
            b. hours_worked
            c. percen_withheld_sal
   -The program multiplies the hourly pay rate by the no. of hours worked, giving the gross wage.
   -Multiply the gross wage with withheld percentage giving withholding amt.
   -Finally subtract the withholding amt from the gross wage giving the net wage after taxes.
   -The program outputs the net pay.
	
   if any employ works for more than 40 hrs than pay 1.5 times . for the extra 	work hrs.
Q9. WAP sum of series 1/1!+4/4!+27/27!....
Q10. WAP that accepts a string and calculates the uppercase and lower case 	letters.
Q11. WAP that accepts a hyphen seperated seq of words as input and prints the word in an hyphen seperated seq after sorting it
Q12- WAP to extract each character from string.
Q13- WAP to extract 1st char of each word.
Q14- WAP to extract last char of each word. 
Q15 - WAP to validate the user name and pan card number. Stop the execution of the 	program with a message at every invalid entry.	
Q16 - WAP to convert lowercase to uppercase and vice versa.
Q17 - WAP to find factors of a number.
Q18 - Remove the words from first string given in the second string.	
Q19 - 
Q20 -
Q21 -